if you're cooking a burger and you're
actually using a frozen patty like that
and on top of it you're using some
prepackaged buns you're doing it all
wrong
if you think you make it easy on
yourself and actually using a frozen
burger at home especially if you're
coming home after busy day I think it's
so wrong
I even have a hard time touching it not
even thing out cooking it that freezin
burn that completely dry they're
probably grinding that two years ago and
that's what you're ending up in your
house so of course now if you're not
going for the frozen one you're thinking
probably doing the right thing and
actually buying some fresh ground meat
for example the one that I have right
here it's nice bright red very fresh but
it's extra lean there's no fat in it no
fat no flavor it's a boring burger never
seasoned the meat ahead of time because
what the salt actually does to the
burger it starts on curing the meat the
texture is not the same you are ruining
your burger
another big mistake do not overheat and
heat the skillet if you end up eat the
pan and you put actually the burger into
the oil it will not C R therefore the
burger doesn't seal and you will lose
the juices from the burger if you
overheat the pan and you put the burger
down that burger will never cook not
even to the medium rare or medium side
the outside will be already burnt never
toss the bun too early because they only
get stale and rubbery and the finally
steak that I see people doing is cooking
this burgers and then really pushing it
down on the grill and what you're
actually doing there is squeezing out
all the juices from the burger the
result you're ending up with a thin
patty very dry on a soggy bun that's so
wrong now I'm going to show you the
right way how to do the best burger
first of all you have to pick the
freshest meat fat in a burger is so
important because not only it adds
flavor to the burger but also it adds
that moistness look for some coarsely
grind meat or buy a piece of meat and go
to the extra work actually we slice it
by hand always think about using a nice
piece of chuck or maybe some strip steak
and then of course the ultimate would be
then the Kobe beef where really is the
highest in fat content and as you make
your patty
the adventures really think a little bit
out of the box mixing some ingredients
into that brown meat for example some
soaked mustard seeds some fresh herbs
some sauteed and mushrooms when you're
shaping the burger always use a little
bit of water on your hand so first of
all the burger and the meat doesn't
stick on your fingers and you perfectly
can shape that burger stuffing that
burger either with a little bit of blue
cheese or really is going to work really
well or what I like to do also having a
little bit of leftover short ribs for
example I put the short ribs in the
center of the burger that brings like
the burger two to four different another
level don't even think on using olive
oil use some canola oil oil who really
supports nicely that lead and how do you
know that actually your pan is really to
the right temperature is when the oil
smokes slightly so searing the burner is
probably the most important step you put
the burger in the oil Sirian means you
seal it and by sealing it means all the
juices are staying inside think about
cooking it like a steak before serving
it let it rest a little bit so that the
juices inside the steak or the burger
are distributed evenly now comes the fun
part actually assembling a burger so
you're standing with a bun always toss
the bun or the last moment that's how
you get really the bread showing at its
best and what I like really is picking a
bun like ciabatta for example which has
a nice golden crust on top of it think
about using a little pesto you can use
the freshest tomatoes of course but
you're really layering it up you can
push it to using a little bit of sheer
pineapple you can use the caramelized
onions
so really the layers are endless if you
do all the steps right you will end up
with the ultimate burn